hi this is Lenny with scrap supply and
today we're going to show you something
fun to do with your slice machine using
a product called freezer paper freezer
paper is sold in ten sheet packs at
scrap supply and it's gives unique
properties make it an iron-on paper to
fabric you can cut it out with your
slice machine and lay it over fabric
iron it down and it creates a great
stencil we're using the basic shapes
card with our slice machine and we're
going to cut out a circle and the number
three the basics design card comes with
the slice machine this is freezer paper
that we've cut it out of now we're going
to cut some the word months we're gonna
make a a onesie for a little baby and
we're using basic shapes number two
design card to cut out the letters for
months before we paint our onesie we
want to insert a piece of cardboard and
chipboard when you place your freezer
paper down on the fabric you place the
shiny side down and iron it doesn't take
long at all and it'll press right in
place the fabric the fabric paint I
chose is by tulip and it's called soft
fabric paint retro it what happens is
not only is it a nice thick opaque paint
on fabric but it's soft so when you wash
it it doesn't get hard and crispy it's
flexible when it dries you can work with
it and now we're gonna iron on another
piece of freezer paper where we've cut
out a very large number three with our
slice machine and we're gonna paint the
number three on top of that orange
circle using another color from our soft
paint set
after a few hours you can lift off the
freezer paper just peels right off and
if you get impatient about waiting for
the paint to dry you can use a hairdryer
to help it and now we lined up our word
months I used a ruler and my piercing
tool to just line up and gently move the
letters so they're all lined up straight
remove the ruler and carefully place the
iron straight down on top of those
pieces of freezer paper that you've cut
we're gonna paint in the word months
using the green soft fabric paint
the idea for the month the ones he came
from one of our former design team
members Susan wine Roth she did
beautiful pictures of her son every
single month and she used an iron-on
that she designed on the computer and I
noticed that when she did her onesies
she said that they were pretty much a
throwaway only good for one where
because the iron-on wouldn't last well
these will last and you won't have to
throw them away that the onesies will
are washable and will look good
throughout the time that the child fits
it you might want to make a set of four
you know one for three months six months
nine months and twelve months so the
child can take a picture wearing the
onesie for a special aged photo when I'm
hand embroidering white embroidery
thread around the circle just for fun or
accent you might want to use your zig
zag machine stitch or just leave it
paint nothing else so I'm done with the
embroidery and I wanted to do something
a little bit extra to package it up as a
gift for a friend
this is making memories paper it's
double-sided cardstock weight paper and
it's great for making a tag or using the
animal crackers design card and we cut
out a four-inch onesie this is the
houndstooth side but the other side is a
solid light blue
I'm stitching with white thread using my
sewing machine just go very slowly
around the perimeter of the tag
I like that the paper is double-sided
because when it's a gift tag you can
rest assure that it's gonna look good
from both sides so we trim off the
thread and we add and put on my video
camera when they did the eyelet but I
used my crop-a-dile and this is an
American craft large eyelet and I'm just
threading it with white embroidery
thread and tie a knot I pinned it the
using one of those really small Making
Memories blooms it's safety pins
these are crepe paper family rub-ons
and I'm gonna trim out the words little
and boy and then from fancy pants I
trimmed out the word new it's a baby
theme grab on said that I had and added
new and the little boy to the tag so the
tag is just as pretty as the cute little
onesy
and you've got a nice gift to give
someone I did another fun project for
myself I took a plane $3.99 t-shirt from
a craft store and I cut out the word mom
from the just chillin slice card this is
how you get the center of the O's take
the o that was originally cut there laid
all in and lift out the part that you
won't need and then just carefully lay
the iron directly on top and press it in
place next little tip on the onesie I
don't know if you noticed but on the
ones that I kill dude the center of the
oh just for a fun look
I cut out a girl a boy and a girl shape
from the just chillin slice card to
represent my three children and in the
order that they were born and there's my
cute little Mob shirt
hope you enjoyed these projects you just
slice machine out and create something
fun today
you